These are the instructions on how to edit your custom Rich Presence.

Enter the config.json file and edit the variables you want to have shown
NOTE: You dont need to fill out everything. E.g. If you do not want to use any buttons, leave button1Text and all corresponding variables empty ("").
Make sure you always start and end your texts in qoutation marks (") or else the script wont work or in some cases it will crash for invalid json.


Discord Token:
If you didnt know by now, a selfbot requires your personal discord token to run. If you dont trust my script, look through the entire source code or just dont use it.
If you dont know how to get your own Token, refer to this post on stackoverflow:
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/67348339/any-way-to-get-my-discord-token-from-browser-dev-console

TYPE:
This will display the type of your activity, e.g. Playing, watching etc
valid texts to use are:
PLAYING, WATCHING, STREAMING, LISTENING, COMPETING

name:
this is the title of your rich Presence

details:
self explanatory

state:
State is probably (im not even sure tbh) used for stuff like "in lobby 1/4" etc. For the purpose of most custom Rich Presences, you can just use this as a second line of text under details or just leave it empty ("")


----IF YOU WANT TO USE CUSTOM IMAGES:
Adding images is a bit more complex
first you need to create an application
go to "discord.com/developers/", log into your discord account and click on "New Application"
give it any name you want, it doesnt matter at all.

Press on the application you created and go down to "Rich Presence"
Under Art Assets, press on "Add Image(s)" and add the images you want to use(You can add more than 2, but only 2 at once are usable) and give them a proper name.
NOTE: Discord may take a couple minutes to fully upload and cache your images.
Still inside of the application, go to "General Information", look for "Application ID" and press on "copy"

Into config.json, paste the application ID after "applicationID"
Input the name of the image you want to use after "largeImageName"
If you want to use a small image aswell, do the same for another image after "smallImageName"
"largeImageHoverText" and "smallImageHoverText" are texts that appear if you hover over the images with your mouse.
If you dont want any text to appear when hovering over the images, leave it empty ("").

For button its basically the same proceedure as with the images
"button1Text" and "button2Text" is the text that is being displayed on the buttons.
"button1RedirectUrl" and "button2RedirectUrl" is the link the buttons redirect to upon clicking on them
NOTE: You do not need to use buttons at all. If you dont care about buttons, just leave all of it empty ("").
ANOTHER NOTE: For some reason discord does not show you your own buttons. So if you use buttons but they dont show up, try asking a friend or use an alt account to check if the buttons look the way you want them to look, because discord does not show it for yourself.



HOW TO START THE RICH PRESENCE

Open the folder in visual studio code, powershell or cmd and type the following:
node .
if "node ." doesnt work, try the following instead:
node index.js

if neither of those work, check if you have npm and node properly installed
If you have further issues, find videos about how to run discord bots with (very important) discord.js
This script is basically just a custom version of a discord js bot script and running it works the same way as discord bots.